My phone was a door to just about everything, but that door opened to some places I shouldn't have gone.
At first I thought, it's not pornography, so it's okay, but still, what I was seeing filled my mind with immoral thoughts.
And I couldn't stop.
Galatians 678 reads, do not be misled.
God is not one to be mocked.
For whatever a person is sewing, this, he will also reap.
Reep what you sow.
I was sowing unclean desires.
And reaping a double heart.
Desensitized, things Jehovah hates.
Turn my eyes away from looking at what is worthless.
It wasn't just whether an image is considered pornography.
Anything that stirs up unclean thoughts is worthless.
And I should turn my eyes away.
But I had to do more.
Those weren't just the psalmist words.
They had to be my words.
Words I've had to act on ever since to stay loyal to Jehovah.